Add docs copy to examples (#1259)
mastra-ai/mastra: docs/src/pages/examples/rag/adjust-chunk-size.mdx

# Adjust Chunk Size

> This example shows you how to adjust the chunk size for a document. By default, the chunk size is set to 1024, but you can change it to any number you want.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mastra lets you split documents into chunks of uniform length. By default, the chunk size is set to 1024, but you can change it to any number you want.
```
